# Final-Project
##### What I did:
Firstly I created a table inspired by sound. Its panels afford to be both lifted and fixed into slots. I wanted to create a sensorial and responsive table without the use of sensors; so I used two metal paper clips in each slot, and a resistor on each panel. After construction seemed promising with connecting the paper clips to the circuit (breadboard and Arduino), I started the code. Although I tried to understand the MP3 Music Maker, I struggled to complete the code itself. I also tried importing sound into the Music maker MP3 Sheild by remixing sound into an individual tone for all twelve panels. I rogrammed the 
##### How I did it:
For the table construction I used 3x4’' plywood that included an open structure, 12 slots (as the table top), and 12 panels to slide into the slots. In each slot I fixed two paper clips so that it could afford to make contact with the panel at one end, and slide into a female wire at the other. From there I attached the jumper wire to the female wire, which I then stuck into the bread board as you would any resistor. Connections went from the 5v to the positive, GND to negative, and A0 to positive. I began the bread board with the linking of positive to the alphabetized section, and directly under that I connected a pin, under that, the jumper wire resistor (one in one slot under the pin, and the other was directly under the other), and under that I finished the slot with a connection to GND (negative).
Code: I learned a bit of the Music Maker MP3 shield syntax to begin work on the code. I used a loop that I was most comfortable using: a For loop. And tried to organize and write a setup that would check to see if a panel was lifted and then sound once replaced using the resistors as indentification for each panel.
##### What I learned:
I learned the process of making accurate electronics more than anything. I had to start over a couple times, ensuring the accuracy of making contact with the resistor and slot. For each slot I also had to check if the resistance was being read through the paper clip, and their respective jumper wires.
I also learned how to solder, which I did to attach a copper plate to the ends of the resistors which played wrapped around one corner side of a panel.
##### What I would do differently:
I would either have given myself more time, or picked a different project. Maybe If I wanted to do things a bit faster, using legitimate sensors would’ve done the trick.
